there are many things I hate in this
world war death how the media is trying
to get us to eat bugs and identity
politics I have been a Bernie supporter
since 2015
and I still support him now along with
Tulsi Gabbard I consider myself a social
democrat not a democratic socialist
those are two different things a
Democratic Socialist is basically a
socialist a social democrat is basically
a capitalist and speaking of capitalism
let me take a minute to get into today's
sponsor ray
shadow legends capitalism get that coins
that's right gamers it's your boy rave
shadow legends the brand-new RPG game
that is taking mobile gaming and YouTube
by storms more than 10 million players
worldwide have already downloaded the
game in less than six months and the
best part it's free collect over 400
champions explore over 1 million
champion builds discover 13 spectacular
locations raid with friends in a clan
enjoy a fully voiced story campaign
claim glory in the PvP arena and
personally customize your champions
choosing their artifacts and creating a
unique mastery build for each one of
them plus the highly new anticipated
faction wars feature is now live what I
like about this game is that everybody
can find something they like some like
the deep storylines the graphics
fighting with other players I personally
like the pretty outfits but don't just
take my word for it I am but a humble
raid salesman with over 300,000 reviews
raid has almost a perfect score on the
Play Store there's an awesome rewards
program for new players you get a new
daily logging code for the first 90 days
100,000 silver plus one free Champion
tech sweeper so hurry up that offer only
lasts for 30 days so go down to the
video description click on the special
links and maybe I'll see you there
imagine fighting for the same [__] for
like 50 years of your life even when it
wasn't popular to do so like gay
marriage or being against the military
industrial complex the media the
establishment
everyone trying to bring you down
everyone on your own side trying to
smear you rigging you out of an election
then you running again only for somebody
wearing a bootleg shitty mask of your
face to appear then all those same
people that were trying to bring you
down kissing that person's ass and
saying things like they're like you only
a woman so it's good this time why would
you pick Sanders over warm though is she
the better version of a Bernie Sanders
for he's sort of a bitter
version of Sanders however she's a
presenting herself as a better version
of Bernice and a better Bernie Bernie
Sanders skin crawl and I can't even
identify for you what exactly it is but
I see him as sort of a non-pro woman
candidate and so having the two of them
they are like I don't understand young
women who support him basically at this
point if you are still supporting
Sanders as opposed to Warren it's kind
of showing your sexism here that if you
don't vote for the woman you're a sexist
we could easily play this game you want
to play this game why do you hate the
Jews huh if you like Bernie why not just
vote for Warren cuz she's a woman vote
for a women cuz she's a woman
hey media how about this the
suffragettes didn't fight for my right
to vote so you could tell me how to vote
there is this type of Democrat that I
like to call the neoliberal wine ant now
keep in mind they can be men or women
wine aunt is a gender-neutral term the
hashtag resistance crowd the president
Pelosi yes Queen slay crowd the orange
man have tiny hands crowd SNL's target
demographic who put identity politics
over policy issues everything else and
they are to put it lightly a cancer
recently AOC endorsed Bernie Sanders aoc
committed the number one thing of the
liberal wine moms she dared to support
an old white man why Bernie did you meet
with other candidates I did yes senator
Warren yes did you notify her I am I had
a conversation and what was that
conversation like you know is there
something you weren't hearing from the
other candidates namely the candidates
of color the female candidates you know
for me as
woman of color why back an old white guy
and if Senator Warren is a nominee will
you support the Democratic nominee and
you would think she murdered a puppy on
live television judging solely by these
reactions well well well look who's a
little foot soldier for geriatric white
patriarchy and wants to prevent women
from ever breaking the glass ceiling to
me this is sad hope they would back a
woman for president 2020 election needs
a woman
Oh AOC really we've done the white male
thing every woman in Congress should
stand in solidarity against the elderly
white patriarchy and endorse Kamala
Harris or Elizabeth Warren or Amy
Klobuchar if you like a scrappy underdog
there's really no excuse for a woman to
be endorsing an old white guy in this
race not a one
first of all I love how one woman in
particular is conveniently missing from
their tweet second of all yeah there is
a reason uh if you like their policies
better that's a pretty big reason you'll
see you should endorse senator women
senator Warren to fake Democrats whose
sole mission is to destroy the
Democratic Party from the inside that
rules that's badass did you mean that to
sound bad because that's oh look he's
older and angry isn't Warren progressive
enough I will vote for a doorknob over
Trump who wants or needs to see two
older white guys yelling on stage for
hours nobody nobody needs that scene I
need that scene I want to see Bernie and
Trump go at it I want to see the grandpa
fight it why is she endorsing a 79 year
old white man because she think n aoc is
no different than Ivana in my eyes same
daddy lost what that's it
I'm right wing now I give up I'm right
wing someone call Prager you get me my
own talk show the lives have officially
pushed me to the right I find it
fascinating that women of color
overlooked female
and minority candidates to endorse a
white guy is identity politics over is
ideology more important than racing
gender yes it's like they almost get it
they support liberal white supremacy and
Bernie is the lead sheepdog
they're all just liberal white servants
I don't want to see Bernie or Biden or
Beto all white guys again we've got a
lot of talent on that stage no more old
white guys time for a change
I like AOC and the rest of the squad but
I'm not with them in supporting Bernie
we can do better what the hell does this
even mean like do they not listen to the
words coming out of the brown lady's
mouth
do they not notice that the words coming
out of the brown lady's mouth are
basically the same things coming out of
the white man's mouth do they not care
I'm so disappointed in your endorsement
of Bernie Sanders for president
Elizabeth Warren is the better choice
I'm allergic to [__] I I don't know
why you would pick RC soda when like
Coke is right there I don't understand
whatever we have had more than enough
white men in charge it also spoke
volumes that he did not attend any of
the LGBTQ town halls it speaks volumes
first of all he dodged a bullet by not
going to head down wall thank you
and my pronouns are she her and hers she
mine too I'm sick and tired of old white
men in the White House it's time for a
woman
[Applause]
but not that woman no she's clearly a
Russian acid so she doesn't count
this is extremely disappointing as
progressive young women's how could they
possibly endorse another angry old white
man for president like okay if we're
gonna play identity politics if we're
gonna play that game all these
middle-aged white feminists like wagging
their fingers at these like women of
color like aoc there's something really
funny about that
AOC has a history of not endorsing women
/ POC candidates no surprise she's
endorsing Bernie so in other words my
donations will be going to Kamala Harris
and Amy Culver chart tonight the ones
who keep fighting the good fight Kamala
Harris this woman Donald Trump in office
on trade policy you know he reminds me
of that that guy in The Wizard of Oz you
know when you pull back the curtain it's
a really small dude
okay look everything is so surface level
to these people they just want their
girl bosses they just want their slate
queens they just want their more female
drone pilots imagine being so [__]
privileged that the gender of the person
you're voting for is the most important
thing for you you know not who's gonna
help the poor and the working class more
not who's going to get us out of all
these endless wars no no vagina no joke
these people would vote for female
Hitler over a man no principles policy
be damned you'd think after 2016 they'd
learn not to do this not to pull the
vagina card by the way that's a real
thing that is a real thing Hillary
Clinton sold mystery why she lost
pathetic I mean I love Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton is so that is all for
this video if you guys like this video
if you liked listening to me talk about
politics the election candidates if you
like political theater and the drama
that surrounds it definitely check out
my new side channel brainless I'm having
so much fun on that channel and has not
hit a hundred thousand subscribers yet
so get there so you could say you were
there before it was cool it's not cool
it will never be cool but you know what
I mean big huge thank you to my patrons
you make it all way less painful if you
guys want to support me on patreon and
join my discord server we talk politics
in there all the time we have many
debates many fights good times had by
some and I will see you guys next time
ally who are you voting for Joe Biden
[Music]
[Applause]